- Same dream?
I bet I can make you forget about it.
Just wait. just one. just wait.
- What?
- Hold on. let me get safe.
-  So we've seen
Wall Street completely change
because of these huge multi-nationals.
and then while we're getting
handouts from the feds.
There used to be an abundance
of comedy instances.
They were all competitors.
they all got incredible prices.
but now there's no
competition for great rates.
So we have this terrible pricing.
and this just keeps
happening over and over--
- Shit.
-  Ari Reinholtz's office.
- Hey Lynn. this Vincent Jamison.
Is Ari in?
-  No. I'm sorry. Mr. Jamison.
He's in his car. I just
got off the phone with him.
Would you like his voicemail?
- No. that's okay.
Listen. Lynn. I know I
scheduled this meeting today.
but could you tell Ari I can't make it?
I double booked and
didn't sync my calendars.
I would love to reschedule
with Ari. and just Ari.
- Well. Mr. Jamison. I'm
sorry. but I should tell you
for the conversation I just
had with Mr. Reinholtz.
that he's instructed me
to note on the calendar
that the meeting is now mandatory
for all scheduled attendees.
Mr. Jamison?
- Yeah.
-  I can still
message him if you'd like.
- No. Lynn. that's okay.
Thank you. Lynn.
- Vincent.
You need to get past it. it's time.
There will never be a child between us.
I will not go through it again. I cannot.
I'm lonely with you. Vincent.
I need you to understand that.
I have scheduled an
appointment for us today
with a counselor whom I do
not know. but comes highly--
- I am not gonna sit in some office
with a colleague of yours!
Today?
Come on. Roni!
I have a very important
meeting with Ari today.
and I got to take the car over to Bobby's.
- I scheduled it during lunch.
I expect you to be there.
- Fine.
- Ari Reinholtz's office.
No. sir. I'm sorry.
He's about to step into a meeting.
I would love to forward
you over to his voicemail.
No. he is fully booked.
-  Come on.
Time to be a man.
He's ready to see you now.
- He's ready to see you now.
Mr. Jamison.
Mr. Jamison?
Ari's ready for you.
- Why RNS Investment?
Because we have both
the skill and the means
to manage this volume of debt.
yet we will be positioned
to reap the maximum benefit
with well. a little risk.
Is this outside our risk
tolerance threshold?
Yes.
But I've been in touch with a contact
at North Texas Financial.
- Wait. wait. Vince. wait.
Sit for a second.
Listen. Vince.
I realized that when you
requested this meeting
you had certain expectations in mind.
But I have to say. I was as of then.
completely unaware of. and
I'm being generous here.
the lackluster performance
of Hector here's department.
- I told you about your serial
over aggressive bullshit.
Jamison. and financials back that up.
- What the hell are you--
- Did you think I was going to
let you fucking backdoor me?
Book this meeting with
Ari and just not show?
Drag my fucking department
down. go over my head!
- Shut the fuck up!
Look. Vincent.
I'm not gonna drag this out.
We're letting you go. unfortunately.
- What?
Wait.
Look. Ari.
I have always kept Suarez in on the loop
on every single deal I made.
He knew exactly--
- Always is bullshit!
All that rank lowering crap you pushed.
I told you I didn't want
to see any more of that.
- Ari.
Come on look. what the
hell am I supposed to do?
I'm fucking 43 years old.
There has to be another way.
Okay. another option.
- Not in my department.
- Get out Hector!
Step outside.
Vince.
I'm sorry.
Suarez here. he went to Mosha
before he came to me first.
There's nothing I can do.
I don't even understand
why this bothers you.
If I was sitting on a
trust fund like you are.
I wouldn't work a day in this place.
Look. if you're still looking
for another salt mine.
Call that guy.
Headhunter.
- Ari. wait.
Can you at least hold off
putting this out there
for a couple of weeks?
It's gonna be hard enough out there
without the fired stigma.
- Yeah.
Yeah. I think we can do that.
And look. take as much time
as you need it here. okay.
I'm sorry Vince. give my best to Roni.
And when you're done in here.
go clean out your office.
Don't touch the computer.
You'll be escorted from the
building in a half an hour.
-  Hello. this is Bibi.
- Bibi my dear. how are you?
- Well. I suppose that all
depends on what you have to say.
Your guy is on board?
- I pushed Ari. I really did.
and he likes the concept.
He says it's the direction
we need to be moving in--
-  But?
- But he isn't ready to
move in that direction now.
-  Vincent.
- That we're too over leveraged
for a capital outlay of that magnitude.
blah. blah. blah. blah. blah.
But look. it's really about the hit
we took when the market tanked.
and not just financially.
Between you and I. Bibi.
the feds have been. the SEC.
they've been difficult.
and he just doesn't
want the heat right now.
Bibi?
-  I have to say. this
isn't what I was expecting.
What you led me to believe and--
- I understand. but can
we still do the deal.
You guys just have to take the lead.
I'm sure we can put--
- What you let me believe. Vincent.
and what I've been priming
partners for here at Texas
is that RNS Investment
was going to be doing
the heavy lifting and we
would be just filling the gap.
- Yes. and that was when--
-  Given that fact and the fact
that I have yet to see any
drill down ratings data.
we won't be doing any deal.
I'm sorry. but detailing
ratings of the debt
would have to make sense
for us to even consider
acquiring it alone.
Get me the data I need that
shows the numbers work for us.
that this credit union isn't holding
a bunch of bottom feeding
bullshit. and we can reconsider.
Can you do that?
That tells me all I need to know.
Take care. Vincent.
- So?
- To so.
What. Roni?
I can't have a drink anymore?
I mean. I just...
The session.
- Exactly.
So?
- I'm sorry. okay?
I just had a very shitty day.
- I told you exactly what
I needed this morning.
I made myself impeccably clear.
and yet you still chose not to show up.
- I didn't choose.
Okay. I told you. I had a very shitty day.
with Ari and everything. and I lost...
A deal fell through.
- You consistently don't show up for us.
- Well. what the fuck did you expect?
What did you expect?
You made this appointment. not me.
You didn't think about what I had to do.
my time or my schedule.
- You are a no-show for us. Vincent.
Not just this. all the time.
When it comes to us. you
consistently don't show up.
- I am sorry about today. I am.
I did mean to come today.
I did. Roni.
- I told you the way
that I felt this morning
and you still refused to respond.
- I know what you said this morning
and I still do want to make us work.
- It would be better
if you simply admitted
your lack of interest in us.
- That's not true. Roni. it's not.
Look. no excuses. I am sorry.
Schedule it again. okay?
Schedule it again. and I'll show.
I swear. I will. I will.
I will show.
Maybe you won't be quite so lonely
if we had a baby.
- Get off me. get off!
- What the fuck. Roni?
- What the hell is wrong with you?
- There is nothing wrong with me.
-  No. no. no. that's bullshit.
I mean. it's all about the heart.
If you know the heart. you know the woman.
if you win the heart. you win the woman.
-  You're both wrong.
Feminine mind is a difference--
- Bullshit.
I say she's unfathom-ing.
-  I hold.
I thought you were
bringing in the car today.
- I'll bring it by tomorrow.
And it's unfathomable.
-  Maybe get a dictionary.
- Guys. wait a minute.
Just hold. damn. let me think a minute.
- Need some more time?
Maybe save up a little
more money or nerve.
or maybe you want to come
back in a couple of weeks
and we'll play next time.
-  Call him.
-  Call him. bitch.
-  Oh!
- Money don't mean shit if
you got a fucking trust fund.
- That's why you lose and I win.
- Oh are you saying you win
because you're smarter than us?
Fuck you man.
- Smarter than you.
that's for damn sure.
- Oh. come on. man.
- I play poker every day.
What. did you think I just come here
every few weeks to play with you guys?
- What the hell. you don't play every day.
- Every day.
I have to look suckers in the eyes
that are much smarter than your sorry ass.
- Oh. so I'm sorry now. right.
- That's not nice to say. man.
- Who have a lot more money on the line
and know if they're bluffing.
- Oh. so you've got some secret life
as some fucking card shark?
- No dumb ass.
Debt. collateralized debt.
And every day I look
these clowns in the eyes
and I have to know if they're bluffing.
If they're pushing me
millions in bullshit.
or if it's legit. and I
do it every fucking day.
and I was damn good at
it. damn good at it.
What do you do. Mitch?
Dig fucking ditches?
-  Oh come on.
-  Dude!
- What the fuck. man?
Come on V. now you're
being a fucking prick.
- Yeah. that's too far.
Come on.
- So you want to play the next hand?
Are you in or are you out?
- So anyway.
you were saying something about
women being like an engine.
- A difference engine. like in computing.
Only built to evaluate resources
as it relates to needs.
her needs. and then she
calculates her decision
based on those factors.
- That sounds like bullshit.
- That's some double-tug shit talking--
- Hold on a second now.
let's hear the genius out.
He might have something.
Go on. too.
Go on.
Enlighten us.
- Say a couple of cave chicks
are sitting around a campfire.
and you three clowns show up
just coming back from the hunt. right?
And old Keith here has a rabbit.
Mitch. he just has a couple
of scrawny squirrel nuts
or some shit.
But Bobby. Bobby walks up
with a great big old side of mammoth meat.
- The chicks know I
pack serious meat. baby!
- Man. shut up.
- Now. who do you think those cave chicks
are gonna want to be with?
Their need. food. fur.
clothing. defense.
They look at the three of you.
they evaluate the difference.
and they go with Bobby every time.
- I'm sorry Vincent. it doesn't
explain something though.
- Yeah. what's that?
- If you're right about all this.
what the fuck is Roni doing with you?
- What?
- Beautiful. gorgeous. successful shrink?
She doesn't need your money.
- What I'm saying is that love
is a subordinate need.
- Oh. listen to this
guy. subordinate need?
- Just like it is with every other woman.
- Every woman. including Roni?
- Look. I already said it.
but you need to keep Roni out of it.
- Well shit. that's it.
I'm with Keith then.
I think you're a full
of shit. arrogant prick.
- Wait a minute. I
didn't say that exactly.
-  Damn. what you on?
- Gentlemen I think it's about the heart.
And if there was a subordinate anything.
it's 'cause you're not
doing it for her anymore.
-  Whoa. hey!
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Vince!
- Shut the fuck up!
- First man that comes around
the does do it for her.
she gonna kick your sorry to the curb.
- Come on V. sit down. man.
Sit down.
Relax. man.
First. you don't know
a motherfucking thing
about me and Roni.
- Oh. you'd be surprised
what I know. Vince.
- Second. if you did know.
you'd know there was a prenup in place.
And the prenup says that
if she messes around.
she gets nothing.
If she walks. she gets nothing.
And that prenup is rock solid.
So love or no. I promise you.
she's thinking about that.
- Vince. unless you can swap
out that rock solid prenup
for a rock solid cock.
Roni's gonna hump the first motherfucker.
-  Hey hey. Vince!
- Just do it Vince!
The first man that comes
right on the desk for her.
and she'll kick what's so
subordinate to the curb.
Get off me. man. get off me!
Come on!
-  Stop talking shit. Mitch.
Shut your mouth!
- Shit.
Oh. damn.
Put your money where your mouth is.
- Shut the fuck up.
- Come on. put your money
where your mouth is.
Mr. Love Subordinate. rock
solid prenup. trust fund
is all I need motherfucker.
- What the fuck are you talking about?
- Two months.
I'll bet you Vince. in two months.
she'd damn near anybody held.
Pretty boy here could
have Roni cheating on you
and throwing away her so-called needs.
- Fuck you fat--
- That's fucked up!
- Well. are you in. or are you out?
Oh. what's wrong?
It's a rock-solid prenup. right?
Afraid her difference
engine will break down?
- Oh. come on. man!
We're supposed to be
friends. what the hell?
- Look man. I would never.
All right. I couldn't!
- Well shit. there you go.
Look at the silver spoon.
So he don't even want to do it.
He wouldn't try that hard.
So what do you got to lose?
- Stakes.
- 10 Gs.
- Fine.
Fuck you.
- Look Vincent. I am not.
- Hey.
I'll cut you in for half
of what I'm getting.
and considering what you're
already getting out of it.
Hell. you're already getting more than me.
- That's some bullshit. Mitch!
What the fuck was that all about. man?
- Come on over here.
Close the door.
Look at me.
Look at me!
There are two things you
must always understand.
You will never be a man until
you make your own money.
Because.
you can't live off of me.
Not and be a man.
Your old man.
You must father a family.
A legacy.
And this
is the price of a clean start.
-  Hello. this is Barbara Conrad.
Please leave a message.
- Bibi. hey.
Listen. I'm going back
over the ratings data.
I have talked it over with Ari and Mosha.
and they are fine with
me providing it to you
strictly for your personal review.
I can get it to you
tomorrow. midday latest.
I'm sure you'll agree
after you've reviewed it
that we can move forward.
Okay. so.
look forward to talking to you tomorrow.
Fuck it!
- What's the ETA here. Bobby?
I got some place I gotta be. man.
- I don't know. man.
Like 30. 40 minutes. I don't know.
How long has it been knocking like this?
British piece of shit.
- Couple of weeks.
- Well. you should have got to me sooner.
'cause now you got a
shit-load of problems.
Bullshit thermostat sticks.
It could be a busted water pumping pillar.
Cooling reservoir is all right.
But whatever it is. I'ma give
you a good deal though. V.
But not too damn good. you know.
'cause I got to make a
little something too myself.
And it's probably the whole reason
why I'm still at bootleg
ass. backyard mechanic.
Too many favors.
- I let that mess with Mitch
last night get out of hand.
I never should've done that.
- Fuck Mitch. fuck him!
He's got no right calling
you an arrogant prick. what?
Just because you got money?
That's bullshit.
Your old man had money.
but you didn't go to some
rich through private school.
You put yourself through
fucking Dominguez Hills.
just like the rest of us.
And at least you finished.
unlike Mitch and yours truly.
But that's beside the point.
Point being. you worked
shitty part time jobs.
busting your hump. just
like the rest of us.
but you became successful
more than the rest of us.
and he fucking hates that.
- Just I was already pissed off.
Roni got me all wound
up with her bullshit.
- What?
With the kid thing again?
- Yeah.
- V.
Come on man. you gotta let that shit go.
- What?
- Well. yeah man. I mean
it's her wound right?
As men. we don't know how
traumatizing it is to lose a baby.
We may think we do. but
we really don't know.
Come on. how old are you V?
Trust me. the 16 and 18 I got at home.
you don't want to start at my age.
You'd pretty much be an old man
right around the time they're acting
like a rebellious-ass teenager.
You don't want that.
You just got to accept the fact
that you and Roni might
not ever have kids.
and I think it's--
- Shut the fuck up. Bobby.
just shut the fuck up!
Shut the fuck up and fix the fucking car.
- Wait a minute.
- You talk too much. Bobby.
- What the fuck is wrong with you man?
Fuck man. I'm trying to
give you friendly advice
and you're gonna talk to me like that?
- I don't need your advice.
You fix cars.
So fix the fucking car.
- You know what. V?
You're not an arrogant
prick 'cause you got money.
You're just an arrogant prick.
Fix your own damn car.
- Hello?
-  Get out of the car
and walk across the street.
- Okay. but where--
-  Just get out.
Walk across the street.
Turn left. walk down the drive.
Once you get to the first alley. stop.
Turn right and walk to the
third garage door on the right.
and knock three times.
- I'm Prophyte.
Were you followed?
-  I don't know.
I wasn't really looking.
- Are you a cop?
- No. I'm not a cop.
- Well. you look like a cop.
How'd you find me?
- You're kidding. right?
Need a data recovery specialist.
contact Prophyte Craigslist.
- Oh snap. I never took that ad down.
That was last year's shit. man.
Last year's. I got a new going on now. OG.
Papers. IDs. driver's licenses.
All that illegals need to
get from here to there.
- Do you still do data recovery?
- Yeah. of course.
Come on.
You got the data?
What is it?
- Some files.
I lost the password.
- Oh.
Oh yeah?
Whatever. man.
So how long is this gonna take?
- Finished.
Not just some script kiddie.
True crypt derivation. man.
Half the kids on a school
could have cracked that.
and they're dumbasses.
Anyway. 400 bucks.
I take Bitcoin.
Or fucking PayPal. yes?
-  But that's not the thing. see?
It's 40 years right out of
high school. down the drain.
-  Down the drain.
why do you say that?
-  Why do I say that?
There's no work. that's why.
They're moving everything to Canada.
or Australia or even frigging Texas.
Jackasses down there.
use some illegal kid.
Gets his hand blown off.
They just bring in another.
- Gus. listen. while
I very much would like
to help you gain perspective on this.
I do need to remind you that
today is typically my day off.
So if we continue. my
billable rates will be higher.
- No. I know. but I got
a lot left in the tank
and I'm not ready to hang them up.
- Vince. these numbers are impressive.
But the client's group doesn't know
they're undervaluing the debt.
How could they not know?
- Well. that's the thing.
I think...
I know they know. but
they have to dump it.
They just want it in the right hands.
- And you're the right hands?
- We are the right hands. baby.
- And you've made no
insurances or guarantees?
- No. no. no.
Nothing explicit and nothing concrete.
Look Bibi. this is what
relationship I cultivated
for a number of years.
Now. they trust me to do as
well for them as I possibly can.
- Well. they're an easy sale.
Rated way below risk.
All right. let's do this.
Call the credit union
so you can get them here
in the next couple of days
before I have to go back to Texas.
Let's see if we can do this deal.
- Sounds great.
I will be in touch. Bibi.
- Okay.
-  Good to see you. Bibi.
- You too.
-  Hey. what's up?
-  Hey. you got
time for some coffee?
Maybe we can chat.
In the cafe in your building.
We can talk about a few things.
-  Okay. sure.
Say in about 45 minutes?
-  See you there.
- No joke.
- V!
Hey man. it's good to see you.
Yeah. it's good to see you too. man.
What's going on. what are you doing here?
- I had an audition. man.
up on the fourth floor.
Stopped in here for coffee
and I bumped into this pretty lady.
- Literally.
Practically knocked the
coffee right out of his hands.
- Well. I'll leave you two to whatever.
No. it's fine. man.
No worries.
- You sure?
- Keith might be--
- Testing.
- Testing at the network
for a new TV series.
- Yeah.
Great man.
When do you have this test?
- I don't know.
I have to wait and see
about how they felt I did upstairs.
- I see. so you may not
actually be testing.
- Well. I think I did pretty good.
but we'll just have to see.
- And he's doing a play
here downtown at LATC.
and I just saw you in that.
what was it?
- Soldier thing. the cruise movie.
- No. no.
- Captain Morgan's?
- No.
- Men's warehouse.
- No. it was--
- Calvin Klein.
- Yes. yes.
You're doing very well.
- What are you. his groupie?
- No. I just think success
deserves some acknowledgement. praise.
- See. that's why I may
need your services. doc.
- Her services?
You?
- No seriously. I mean. if
it's all right with you.
- You don't need Vincent's approval.
- I'm being serious here. Vince.
A lot of people see the work actors do.
Like if we get a big gig.
or we're working a lot.
and they think that we
think we're the shit.
The big success.
But man. I don't feel like a success.
It never feels like it's enough.
or it's like the next gig
or the one we're working on
is gonna be the last.
So that's all.
And then the hundreds of rejections
just to get that one yes.
It's stressful. man.
Seriously. I'd love to contact you.
squeeze in a few sessions if we can.
- Okay. I'll tell you what.
I don't know what my
immediate schedule is like.
but give my office a call tomorrow morning
and we'll see what we can work out.
- Well. I'll leave you two to do
whatever it is that husbands and wives do.
Thanks. you'll be hearing from me soon.
See you later. man.
- Yeah. man.
-  He has really changed.
- What?
- Yeah.
Out of your whole crew of friends.
Keith has always struck
me as the most immature.
but he seems to have it
the most together now.
- The most together?
He just hired a psychologist.
- Well. being able to ask
for help when you need it
is having together. Vincent.
- Point taken. I'm sorry.
Look Roni. I've been thinking. feeling.
maybe we can turn things around.
I'm willing.
If we're both willing--
- Dammit. it's the DA's office.
They need me on an
emergency conference call.
I'm sorry. I can't.
- It's fine. go. do what you gotta do.
We'll talk later.
- Maybe tomorrow morning.
I'm sure that they'll have
me at the Parker Center late.
- Fine. go.
- Vincent.
Vincent.
- What's wrong?
- There's somebody here. I
heard somebody in the house.
I heard someone!
- You sure?
Okay. stay here.
- Vincent. don't!
- Any proceeds due PGCU
through a securitization
would become available as
early as three to six months.
- If you're saying this is
the deal we're looking for.
I'm willing to go along with it.
- Great.
Then all that's left is
whatever due diligence
you have left in Wichita.
I'll get things organized in Texas.
and bring you and your team in.
and we'll get everything
signed and in motion.
- Well. I've got to get out of
here and get to the airport.
You've got the sunshine. but
you've got the traffic too.
- That's the truth.
- Ms. Conrad. it was nice to meet you.
I look forward to seeing you soon.
Vincent.
- Okay.
- Well. I'm glad to see
you finally woke up.
because we have to get
you a ticket to Texas too.
My board wants to meet you. Vince.
Rumor is they're looking
to open an LA office
and if you are ready to leave RNS.
provided that this thing
with PGCU goes well.
I will be willing to give
you a recommendation.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
That's fantastic. Bibi.
- Now. shall we grab a drink?
A celebrate Terry toast?
- As much as I want to say yes.
and I do very much want to say yes.
there's a dinner I should probably do.
- Okay. next time.
Maybe in Texas.
- Maybe.
- Okay. see you soon.
-  Hello?
- What would you like for dinner tonight?
-  What?
- Dinner tonight. what would you like?
I'm cooking. I'm thinking
a little coq au vin.
some sauteed artichoke.
but whatever Madam desires I will provide.
-  All right. what is going on?
- We're celebrating.
-  Vincent?
Celebrating what?
- The deal I just closed and my new job.
-  Okay.
Clearly I've missed a
few chapters of the book.
you need to catch me up.
- Just dinner. okay?
We'll talk about everything else as well.
So it's a date?
-  It's a date.
- Great.
I'll see you then.
Roni!
- What?
- Just wanted to know
if you want some coffee.
- No. I'm already running
late. but thank you.
But I do want to hear about your deal.
and you're leaving RNS?
I have to be sitting in
Voir dire in 20 minutes.
- No. it's fine.
We can talk about it later.
You will have time. right?
- You're angry about last night.
You're angry. aren't you?
- No. we can talk later.
- Okay.
- How's your mom?
- Oh. she's fine.
She's got the flu. I think.
But if she's calling me
then she's obviously worried about it.
Gonna be checking in on her again later.
I also will most likely be working late
at Parker Center all week.
but I really am sorry about last night.
And I do. Vincent. wanna
hear what is going on.
- Okay.
Just tell your mom I said feel better.
- I will.
-  I've got you.
Wait. that's not fair.
- What's up. man?
Smells all right.
- I know you didn't come here
looking for a handout. right?
Not you.
- Not for some B-grade barbecue. no.
Look. at poker.
that was wrong. okay?
We said some things. or at
least I said some things
I shouldn't have. I didn't really mean.
I've been drinking too much.
and I had some personal baggage.
- Okay. some things were said. so?
- We all go a long way back. man.
to let some bullshit like
the other night jam us up.
-  You're it!
- Yeah. why let that happen?
- So. hard feelings?
- No. I don't have any feelings about it.
Hard or otherwise.
- Good man. good.
'Cause I mean. some of the
things I said about you
and all that stuff about Roni.
and getting her to cheat with Keith.
All that. you know I
didn't mean that. right?
You know that.
We can just let all that
just be bullshit. right?
It's in the past.
- Kelsey. Chelle. you guys
go in the house for a second.
- But we just got out here.
- I know. go on. do what you're told.
- Sorry about my language. man.
I forgot they were out here.
My bad.
- Fuck you. Vince.
- What?
- You heard me.
The fuck you think you are?
Come strolling in my backyard.
I'm trying to enjoy my family.
You acting all entitled and shit
only 'cause you want me
to let you off the hook.
You don't think I know why you're here?
Fuck you. Vincent.
You made the bet.
- The bet is bullshit. Mitch.
We know that.
I came here trying to make things right.
We've been friends too long. man.
I'm here trying to smooth things over.
Oh yeah. we've been friends too damn long.
and all the while you've
been a smug. arrogant prick.
Always trying to get things your way.
Well. not this time.
Not this fucking time.
We made a bet and you're
gonna stick to it.
- Forget the bet. Mitch.
What. you think you're gonna
get something out of this?
There's no payout for you
on this. fucking farce!
I'm not giving you anything.
I'm not paying shit.
You're paying me now. Vincent.
- Come on. man. what the hell?
So we had a little argument.
Bullshit.
You tell Keith to back
off. leave Roni alone.
or I just may tell him the hard way.
- Vince. you're always beating your chest
about your so-called success.
Lording it over us. how superior you are.
Always telling us you
know more than any of us.
Well. Keith is gonna find out
just how much you really know.
This is happening. Vince.
Keith is fucking Roni.
There's not a damn thing
you can do about it.
-  Hello. you've reached
Veronica Wills-Jamison.
Please leave me a message.
- Hey. I just thinking about you
and wanted to see if we could catch up
before I leave town tonight.
But I know you're very
busy fixing people's lives.
So.
anyway. there we go.
Bibi. hey.
-  I hope you're not
on that plane. Vincent.
In fact. I know you're
not. so don't bother.
What's going on?
-  You lied. Vincent.
- What?
-  You had an obligation by law
to disclose to me truthful and
accurate ratings information
regarding the state of
those debt obligations.
- Listen Bibi. those numbers are accurate.
at least to the best of
my knowledge they are.
-  Vincent don't!
Don't make the worse for yourself.
you've got bigger problems.
You manipulated the numbers to
make the ratings look better
than they actually are.
Furthermore. you failed to mentioned
you were fired from RNS Investments.
We are no longer interested in this deal.
and then PGCU placed a hardball.
if there's a portion of liability
you will be under the bus.
- Bibi!
- Oh!
Oh my god!
- Oh shit. Vince!
- How could you?
How could you do this?
- Listen man.
I'm sorry. all right?
This never should have happened.
- Put the gun down.
- I'm sorry. all right?
I'm sorry!
- Just shut the fuck up!
- I'm sorry!
- Shut the fuck up!
You're goddamn right it
never should have happened.
You're goddamn right!
- Oh my god. okay.
Please Vincent listen to me.
Okay. focus on my words.
I am so sorry.
I am so sorry. I never
meant for this to happen.
I am so sorry. Vincent.
You need to believe me.
I am so sorry.
Oh my god Vincent. what have you done?
-  Oh shit.
- It's okay. Vincent. we
can still make this right.
We can fix this.
We can still fix this.
- It's not okay. I just
fucking killed Keith.
It is definitely not okay!
- Listen to me. we can still fix this!
Nobody knows that he was here.
-  What are you--
- Listen!
Nobody will come looking for him here.
We just have to get rid of the body.
- What?
- The body. we have to get rid of it.
- Keith.
- Yes. honey.
Vincent. we have to.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
I never meant...
The thought of you going
away forever for this.
or worse. I couldn't.
Please Vincent. we have to do this.
Vincent!
- What do I have to do?
What do we need to do?
- More sheets.
- So where are we going?
We can't just keep--
- I don't know. Roni. I don't know.
Just let me fucking think.
- Vincent. when I worked
on the Ellison case.
- I don't need to. I don't know where--
- Just listen to me!
- When I worked on the Ellison case.
I developed a very good
relationship with the DA's Office.
- I am not turning myself in.
- What I presented to them
in an effort to obtain a
conviction was invaluable
and it led them to the
remains of the victim.
but they couldn't obtain a conviction.
because the body had been
dumped in the High Desert.
and the remains had been
so scattered by scavengers
that they didn't have enough evidence
to determine the cause of death.
-  Let go of it.
All right?
- Yeah. I think so.
Should we get a shovel?
- What the fuck. Roni?
Does it look like I brought a shovel?
- My hands were a little
full. just like yours.
Man. I'll get a shovel.
What the hell am I getting a shovel for?
I thought the whole idea
was to bring him out here
and let the animals
do whatever.
- Don't want to make it
too hard for them. right?
- We can't go back the way we came.
at least we shouldn't.
We could take Oxford to the 101.
Maybe we can.
- Maybe you should just
keep your mouth shut.
- Vincent. give me the gun.
- What?
You don't trust me?
Are you being ironic?
Think this is how it all ends.
the old marital murder
suicide on the high--
- Stop it!
That isn't it.
Okay. it's not what.
- Mitch and Bobby know.
- What?
- They know.
About Keith. about you
and Keith. they know.
- How could they know?
We didn't tell anybody.
- At poker. Mitch and I made a bet.
Oh God. Mitch bet that
Keith could get you to sleep with him.
- And you went along with it?
How could you?
- Maybe I thought you wouldn't do it.
- We'll talk through this. okay.
we'll just figure this out.
- I have to leave.
- Baby.
- I have to leave. I do.
- What?
- I have to leave. I have to go.
- Vincent. no.
- When Keith turns up missing.
I'll be the first person
they come looking for.
- Vincent.
I am so sorry.
I should have been
stronger. I should have.
- No.
Roni stop.
Everything. all of this is on me.
All of it.
I never should have made that bet.
I never should have put
you in that position.
And I am sorry.
- I can't believe this is happening.
I'm coming with you.
- If you came with me.
you would look just as guilty as I am.
and I don't want that.
I'm sorry.
I'm not gonna be able to get much money
out of the ATM. okay?
Eight. 900 bucks.
including what we have
in the safe at home.
I will contact you somehow.
I will tell you how to send me.
- Where are you gonna go?
- South.
- What. Mexico?
-  Yeah. I guess.
- How?
They check IDs at the border.
- Don't worry about it.
I know a guy.
A kid really.
When all this settles down. baby.
I will find a way for us.
I promise.
- Give me the gun.
- What. why?
- If you get caught. they
can't find you with that.
- Okay.
All right.
You okay?
Hey.
- Here. doc.
It's all there.
Driver's license. social. passport.
All cash.
Hey.
If you get caught. don't
snitch like a little bitch.
You feel me. OG?
-  Nothing electronic.
No email. computers.
phone. texts. none of that.
All of it can be traced.
Get a PO box. use cash to pay for it.
Tell them not to mail you
the link to the invoice.
you'll come in to pick it up.
Give them fake home
address just to be safe.
Memorize my address.
Don't write it anywhere.
When you write me. send
whatever cash you can.
Nothing too large. it'll
draw too much attention.
And never use the
mailboxes near the house.
Mix them up. keep them random.
I'm sorry for all this.
I love you and I miss you.
I'm desperate to see your face again.
Be sure to burn every
letter after you've read it.
All my love. Vincent.
- Now is not the best
time to leave the room.
Sit.
I apologize for my earlier rudeness.
I did not give you my name.
I am Chano.
You call me Chan.
- Nice to meet you. Chan.
- Likewise.
Okay. okay.
Well.
All right. oh. excuse me.
I wish I could tell you that my visit
is strictly motel hospitality.
but it is not.
Allow me to explain to you the rules
of the stay for your time here.
From the hours of 5:00 in
the morning to 12:00 noon
and 6:00 in the evening
to 10 o'clock at night.
you are forbidden to leave
the room without my assessor.
Unfortunately your border patrol
has taken a particular
interest in this area.
- Yeah.
- Now the phone.
The phone is a prepaid phone.
- Yeah. it's a prepaid phone.
It's a payphone.
- It's a prepay me first phone.
then you prepay the phone phone.
- Okay look. I'm not
gonna be using it anyways.
- Your rent is due the first of the month.
No exceptions. none.
You will get two meals a day.
No complaining about the food.
Kidding.
You can complain about
the food if you want to.
it's okay.
But it's better if you don't.
The rest. you will
discover as you go along.
Now. these are the rules that
will govern your life here.
Do you understand them?
- Yeah.
-  But it is becoming
more difficult here.
and I am concerned.
They found evidence of
Keith's blood in the bedroom.
I told them he'd cut himself
helping you move furniture.
but I don't think they believed me.
The detectives have been by three times
and continue to ask the same questions.
Have I heard from you. and
where you might've gone.
I gave them the same answer every time.
No. and I don't know.
I've told them you were flying to Texas.
but never came home.
They said that they're
gonna come back again
and that they may want me
to come downtown with them.
I know what they may mean.
Worse Vincent. I'm not the
only one they're talking to.
- I told you.
The last time I saw him was
here. I was fixing his car.
We were bullshitting about
the same old bullshit.
and that was it.
Haven't seen him since.
I mean. you got to ask yourself. right?
What do you do when you find out
one of your friends is banging your wife?
You might get a little pissed.
So you're the cop. you tell me.
-  Vincent. I think
they know about Keith and me.
I didn't mention it the first
few times they came out.
but I think they know.
I'm scared. Vincent.
I think they're gonna arrest me.
I know how this works.
If they bring me in. I
believe they will arrest me.
I'm not sure how. when I'll
get to write you again.
All my love. Roni.
- Senior.
Well. it's not exactly
like a pool or beachfront.
You are a smart man. what do you do?
You are lawyer?
Doctor?
- Neither.
I worked in the financial
industry. investments. bonds.
- So you are a money man. huh?
This is not so bad.
You have a special person.
Who care for you.
Is the one who puts the
money in the letters.
No?
- Yes.
That is true.
- I thought so.
- But now.
You're stuck.
Huh?
You are to between Scylla
and Charybdis.
right?
- Why do you say that?
- The letter.
Eight months now you read over and over.
- The person who's been writing.
they're in trouble. I think.
because of me.
- And now.
you have not heard from
them for eight months.
The last time you pay me the
rent was eight months ago.
- Listen. Chano.
- No. no. no. no.
I break my rule for you.
I let you stay here for so long
without pay because I trusted you.
But this trust does not last forever.
And your outstanding
debt is outweighing it.
You are a money man.
I'm sure you understand what I am saying.
- Chano.
I will have the money soon. I will.
It's just taking a little long. okay?
I'm sure it's all just being worked out.
It's just a matter of a few weeks.
- And you believe this?
- Yes.
I do.
- Well. the fact is.
if you do not pay me soon.
this is going to be
very difficult for you.
- Oh and until you pay me.
you will receive only one meal a day.
Where's my money?
Where is the money?
Give me the American money?
- I don't have any. it didn't come!
What the fuck?
You know it didn't come.
- You have to pay. senior.
It better come today. or
tonight you have a big problem.
- No money came?
- No package.
No money.
- How do I know you
haven't been taking it?
How do I know that?
- This I will forgive you.
due to the delicate
nature of your situation.
Do you remember when you first come to me?
Everyone answers to someone.
You will drink with me.
To of all of life's great weigh stations.
and to those whom they tally.
Drink.
Drink!
The person who I answer to
is the owner of this fine establishment.
He's my cousin. my
.
Yes.
Drink.
I know that you have in your life
a person who you would do
anything for. sacrifice for.
Is not this the measure of a man?
How much he's willing to do for his family
and for the ones he loves?
Drink.
I could talk to my cousin.
to my .
and he make an arrangement for you.
You know how to handle money. finances.
But he would value you. yes.
Of course.
that life has its costs.
But your life would not be your own.
You would not be your own man.
Everyone and everything that you knew.
you will leave behind.
You will never see ever again.
You must decide what man you want to be.
Take.
I'm tired of drinking.
Tomorrow you will leave.
One way or another.
North or south. I don't care.
What kind of man do you want to be?
You decide. amigo.
-  Hello. my name is Elena.
How may I help you?
- Listen. I'd like to
place a person to person
collect call to the us for Bobby Diaz.
-  And what is the number?
- It's 213 256 2262.
-  And who is calling?
- An old poker buddy.
-  Where are you?
-  I'm in Mexico.
-  Mexico?
-  I need you to come and get me.
-  I don't know. V.
I can't just drop
everything I'm doing here.
-  Bobby. come on.
I don't know what else to do.
-  Okay. okay. listen.
Listen V. tell you what.
is there a bus station
or something nearby?
-  Yeah. I think so.
-  Okay. get there and call me.
I'll buy you a ticket.
It's the best I can do. man.
-  Okay.
- So just tell her you're
in the car. and that it?
- Yeah.
And that I want to see her.
- I do this. you tell
me everything. right?
Because I can't be getting
caught up in this shit.
- I'll tell you. I promise I will.
But I have to talk to Roni first.
- She's not there.
Did you see anybody?
Did they say where she is?
- There was nobody to say.
The office is empty. man.
there was nobody there.
- What?
- There's nothing.
No furniture. lights.
shit on the wall. nothing.
- No. no. no. no. no.
Shit!
- Oh let it be.
enough man. I mean what the fuck?
You gotta come clean
to me about this shit!
- You talked to Keith lately?
- No. no man.
Not since around the time we played poker.
That was about a year ago. I guess.
- Keith's dead.
I did it.
I killed Keith.
- What?
That's why they were coming
around and asking for you.
I don't understand.
- Just drive. Bobby.
I'll show you.
-  Where?
- The desert.
- Man wait. what the hell?
Explain this shit to me!
- He must be right here. I swear to God.
I mean. the idea was
to let the scavengers.
Gonna leave him out here.
- Come on man. take it easy!
- No. there should be something.
It's barely over a year.
Clothes. or the sheet we wrapped him in.
Something.
- Okay V. wait. wait.
Explain all this. man!
You killed him and you
brought him here a year ago?
- Yes Bobby. yes.
It was the bet. remember?
That stupid fucking bet I
made with Mitch at poker.
I didn't take it seriously.
I come home and Roni's in bed
with Keith. and I lost it.
I shot him. and we dragged
him right here. right here.
- I don't believe Keith is dead. man.
- Believe it.
Keith is fucking dead.
I shot him. I killed
him. and it was a mess.
It was a bloody mess.
And Roni and I. we took him.
and we dragged him right here.
I think they arrested Roni.
And the only reason I came
back was to turn myself in.
But I wanted to tell her Roni
first. keep her out of it.
- Keith is not dead. man.
He's not!
Look. I told you I haven't
spoken to him. but Mitch has!
Well. Mitch spoke to his cousin anyway.
- When?
- A few months ago!
It's true!
So I don't see how you
could have killed him
a year ago. man.
Mitch is gone too.
He just picked up and moved away.
Said he wanted a change.
he was talking about Alaska or something.
- Take me home.
- Hello. Vincent.
The reason you find
yourself standing there
perplexed as you are is
the result of your blind.
relentless preconception that
everything with yourself.
with us. had been. is and
would always be all right.
Built within this preconception
was your wrong-headed belief
that there was only one way to
consider yourself a success.
And it made you reckless.
With us. with work. with your friends.
Completely by chance. I
ran into Mitch and Keith
about a year and a half or
so ago at a bar downtown.
After a few Macallans.
I guess I let it slip
that there wasn't much left
to our marriage anymore.
And then Mitch started busting my chops
about a prenup you were
always bragging about
and how if we divorced.
I wouldn't get anything.
You know how Mitch is.
they laughed and so did I.
And then I told them the one circumstance.
according to that prenup
you lovingly insisted I sign.
the one situation that would
not only void the prenup.
but would give me nearly everything.
including your precious
trust fund. abandonment.
You caught your breath yet?
I'm sure you needed a moment.
You see Vincent. I know you so well.
Not because of our
mediocre years together.
but because as a behavioral
psychologist. it's my job.
I get to know people better
than they know themselves.
Did you know Mitchell's
dream was to retire early
and explore the wilds of Alaska?
And Keith's.
Keith wanted to see the world.
He just never had the money to do it.
Oh. and me.
I just wanted out.
And to take from you what
you bragged over and over
that I could never have.
The question was. how?
How to get you to abandon me.
Well. fortunately.
I had a wide variety of clients.
-  It's just that I
don't want to retire. doc.
I told you that. I got
a lot left in the tank.
and I just don't want to.
- Gus. I'm curious. as a
special effects artist.
is that the computer created stuff. the C?
-  What CGI?
Hell. no way. that crap's
killing the business.
No. I do the real deal.
Physical stuff. explosions. bullet hits.
- Bullet hits?
-  The real stuff. the real deal.
- Gus. listen. a few of us
wanted to play a practical joke
on one of our friends.
Would you be interested in
trading a few free sessions
for your services?
Vincent. I could have imagined that
had you made a sincere.
credible effort to change.
we would have still had a chance.
and I would have backed off.
But that bet.
Mitch never believed you would take it.
I knew otherwise.
And the galling. profoundly
hurtful that my husband
was so open to the efforts
of another man seducing me
made backing off impossible.
So while you went speeding to the airport.
and I heard an angry voicemail
saying not to bother coming to Texas.
I finally had a chance to
orchestrate your arrival.
At the end of it. that you
would go for the weapon.
too traumatized to realize that
you didn't have lockbox key.
It was never a question.
but you would have found the box locked
and I needed it unlocked.
So where did you keep the key?
I heard somebody. somebody's in the house.
I had to find out.
- You sure?
Okay. stay here.
- And remember. I was working late.
When I got home. it was easy
to create cause for concern.
But the most troubling question
was how many blanks to use.
Gus needed to know so he could figure out
how many shots to tape on Keith.
and Keith needed to know
so he knew how many times
to trigger the bullet hits.
And I needed to know
how many blanks to load.
Too few. and you would have wondered
why there weren't as many rounds in there
as you've always kept.
I calculated five.
Four for outright rage.
and one more before you
came to your senses.
But you only shot four.
That's why.
Give me the gun.
I wanted the gun.
All you had to do is eventually
shoot it or check it.
and it would have been all over.
There was one last thing
that had to happen.
and it had to be your idea.
otherwise you would've been suspicious.
My insurance was in knowing you.
I knew that with no way out
of the very real prospect
of some muscle-bound. sweaty convict
breathing his hot breath
on the back of your neck
in some shitty state prison.
- I have to leave.
-  You'd run.
And that's exactly what you did.
You took too long. Vincent.
You constantly delayed and set us aside.
refusing to address our needs.
So I chose to act.
And as I would with any other patient.
I worked up a therapy
prescription and administered it.
Now Vincent. with your
father's money out of the way
and a woman you never truly
loved out of your life.
we both have a chance.
A chance to live as we see fit.
and whatever future is stretched
out in front of us is ours.
Our own. no one else's.
Good luck. Vincent.
I wish you well.
Roni.
- So you figured out what
you're gonna do. man?
- I don't know.
No. I guess.
Nothing maybe. I don't know.
I got to get work and I know that.
Ans it's not gonna be in
the securities business.
not without a license. so.
Maybe I'll start a business.
With what?
I mean. I'm not a pillar
of financial credibility.
but damn man.
Trading license has been revoked.
sanctioned by the SEC.
Damn near doing time in some
white collar country club.
which might not have been a bad thing.
It's just. I don't think banks
are gonna to be lining up
to give you a loan. V.
- Roni left me the car. left me the house.
paid it off free and clear once she left.
So I'm all right.
- That's not what I'm talking about. man.
You know that.
Roni.
What you gonna do?
You gonna go get her?
I mean. find her?
- Roni was right.
- What do you mean she was right?
She took your inheritance. man.
- How many people get a
chance at a fresh start?
Wipe the slate clean. write
something new on the board.
What's that even worth?
How much would you pay for that?